>> Brian Holt: So
that takes care of the thunk.
This is how you do asynchronous
data fetching with Redux.
Now, let's go back to app.js.
Everything up to this point has probably
been a little frustrating with Redux.
And if you feel that way,
you have every right to.
This is the satisfying part.
We get to delete a ton of code
from our react application.
So up here, delete pet finder client.
Delete all this pet
finder stuff right here.
Delete the constructor.
>> Brian Holt: Delete all of
these methods in here,
cuz we moved them out into Redux.
>> Brian Holt: We're not gonna be using
context anymore, so you can delete
the SearchContext provider and
we can now just call this
ReduxProvider as Provider.
>> Brian Holt: So far so good,
you can just call this Provider.
>> Brian Holt: And
we can get rid of this InteriorProvider,
the on that was for context.
Oops.
>> Brian Holt: And
now, this is what our app looks like.
All of that data, all of that
functionality around managing state,
it's all been externalized.
So it does kind of clean up
your React code a little bit.
This is nice.
This is a lot easier to understand
than all of that craziness that app.js
was doing earlier.
It's a compelling not to use Redux or
to use Redux, rather.
So anywhere that we were using
basically context before,
we're gonna have to go
with refactor use Redux.
So let's go back to results.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
now what we're gonna do is we're going to,
we already imported connect up here.
Anywhere that says, this.searchParams
right there, we're gonna delete.
So just says, stops props.
>> Brian Holt: This dot or let's look for
a search context.
We can get rid of the consumer up there.
>> Brian Holt: And.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
you can get rid of this results with
context business, because we're not
reading from context anymore.
>> Brian Holt: And
this will just be results now since
we're not worrying about context.
And now we'll be reading from location,
breed and
animal.
>> Brian Holt: Location, breed and
animal and we'll just be
passing it directly on as well.
Animal and breed.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, can actually do it.
So now, all these data will becoming
will becoming from Redux and this is how
we've done it nefore we were using
consumer to inject that through context.
And now we're using Redux and
mapstate to props to get to that results.
>> Brian Holt: So
again, this data is coming
from the Redux store and
this object that we're providing
back to Redux is injecting
the location animal and
breed as props on results.
Make sense?